Why Does Reverse Line Movement Occur?
Reverse line movement occurs when sportsbooks adjust their lines to balance the action, just in the opposite way logic would dictate. In most cases, this tends to happen when sharp bettors place large bets on the opposite side of the public.

Because the sportsbooks goal for creating any odds line is to have a balanced amount of money on both sides, the reverse line movement is necessary to try to make the liability on each side close to 50/50.

reverse line movement
Example Of Reverse Line Movement and How You Can Take Advantage of It
Here’s an example of how reverse line movement can work in a customer's favor.

The Kansas City Chiefs are home favorites against the Indianapolis Colts. The opening line for this game is set as the Chiefs being a -7 favorite. By the way – you can find Free NFL picks and premium expert NFL picks all season long at Wagertalk…

Throughout the week, the number of bets and total dollars wagered has been consistently coming in on the Chiefs -7, however, the line starts moving in favor of Colts. The line initially moves to Chiefs favored by -6.5, trickles down to -6, and eventually, settles before kickoff at a final of -5.5.

This is an example of reverse line movement because the line moved in the opposite direction of the public’s bets and opinion of what will happen in the contest. This is a betting strategy of sharp bettors. Sharp bettors know the public is not betting on sports as a career or job.

A public sports-bet usually comes with a simple narrative that Team A is better than Team B. There is not a deep dive into the numbers and stats being performed by the teams or how each team has successes and failures against a certain scheme.

Sharp bettors are aware that sportsbooks and casinos are not built on winners, so to simplify it, going against the public is a sports betting strategy that is used by customers that treat sports betting as a full-time job or hobby.

What Is A Benefit Of Identifying Reverse Line Movement?
Nothing is ever considered a lock or guarantee, but it is nice to identify when a customer is on the 'sharp' side of a game or the public side of a game. Since sharps do this for a living and aren't the casual customer popping in and out, it is more often better than not to want to be on the side of the sharp bettors.