Take the role of a professional app developer and elite sports better create me a prompt that will gather all this information for me and send it to my app effectively with everything being correct Guys, before you start either doubting whether this is an effective strategy or not understand that it allows you to pick winners 90%+ of the time with such a simple and easy strategy that you dont even necessarily need to watch or know tennis that well to win based off what I will tell you here. Now, I do happen to watch a lot of tennis and enjoy it and know the players. This strategy that I have used to create my bets is done because I've simply found that it works more times than not. I am a top 1% better on Tennis on Pikkit which has tens of thousands of people on it. I know what I'm doing with tennis and I just want to give you guys the run down so you can understand how these combinations that I make work.

Now, what i do, simply put is go and search up a player who's playing. I go and look up that player and see how they've done in the last 10 games they've played. I then go and look at their opponent and look at how they've played in the last 10 games they themselves have played as well. So let me explain how and what these photos mean.

First photo is of a player called Ben Shelton. You simply need to type the name into Google and you will see the lists of tournament hes played in recently pop up which I've drawn arrows on to help you navigate backwards to count the 10 games he has last played. REMEMBER to click SINGLES not DOUBLES. Singles is the only stat you care about when betting on Over/Under 1st or 2nd set totals. NOW the green circle is what is considered the first set. The yellow is considered the second set. The way to add up the total number of games played in a set (which you want to go back the last 10 games so you can make a list and see how many times they have either hit a specific over or under on total games played in that first or second set) is to simply add 6+3 which equals 9. The game before that he had 7+6 games played in the first set which equals 13. In the second set of that top game he had 10 total games played and on the bottom game he had 9 games played total in the second set.

Moving on to the second photo. This website is called tennistonic.com which will come up when you type into Google Ben Shelton vs Jaume Muna. You can do this for any players playing against each other. Just type it into Google and click on that website. Now when you navigate on the website it will tell you whether they've played any games against each other or not. If they have you can go down and you will get information like in the second photo which is telling us that they have played 3 times prior on three different court types which were Clay, Hardcourt, and IndoorHardCourt. The court the players play on matters because sometimes certain players play better on clay court compared to hard court and so on. What is important to note about the second photo is it gives you a reference so that not only can you make a decision on betting a specific under or over total on 1st or 2nd set but you can actually see how they've played against each other. The last three times they played each other they have gone Under 10.5 total games played in first set each time. NOW YOU can use this information from their past games to help you create a pick for the game. They played a game today and that first set ended 6-3 for Jumar which means they hit that Under 10.5 total first set games played. See how it helps sort of potentially predict the outcome of the total first set games played?

The third photo is to show you the form of the players. They will show you whether the players have won or lost in their last 10 games played each respectively. REMEMBER those are games they have played against other players not against themselves. The games against themselves will be listed specifically like in the 2nd photo if they have played any games against each other in the past.

The forth and final photo is from a website called atptour.com where you can type in a players name and see what they are ranked in the world. Sometimes when I go and see a player is in the top 100 playing against a player ranked 1000 I feel pretty confident the guy ranked in the top 100 should beat the guy who's rated 1000 but maybe that's just me. Still, use this to gague the strength of players to see whether they are about even in strength or if one is fat superior to another.

LAST THING When it comes to betting on Women's tennis. You can find the women's rank by typing in WTA Rankings I believe and typing up the woman's name but my advice on betting on over/under totals 1st set for women is do the exact same strategy of going back their last 10 games played and her opponent as well and the BEST bet if you will be betting on women's 1st set is to bet UNDER 10.5 total games played. NOW DO NOT JUST SPAM THIS ON ANY OR ALL OF THEM. STILL GO BACK THE LAST 10 GAMES THEY HAVE PLAYED so you give yourself the best chance to win based on this strategy.

FINAL PHOTO is just an example of how i structure and create a little note thing for myself to help me decide on what I will create on a bet personally. There's NO GIMMICK or nothing more to it. I make my own bets. I dont use any software, I dont sell you some bs or anything. I simply create my picks based on exactly what I've explained and shown.

Look, understand I dont have to say or write any of this. I dont need to help anyone because most people are gatekeepers and want you to pay them for picks. Im not like that. I genuinely want to help others win with me if possible. I hope this helps us all become a little better at betting on what is an easy sport to make money on.

Any questions? Feel free to hit me up. I hope this is comprehensive and knowledge filled for a lot of you. I will be here if you have any questions or want me to give you my opinion on a slip you may consider creating. Best of luck to all of us
Batch engine for entire slate 
Run for tonight’s slate 
Women-only optimizer (filters best Under 10.5 profiles)